Lin Dong, let’s get a divorce. It’s okay, Mom. I’m a member of the committee.
I didn't take advantage of my posture, even if you are in the divorce room.
No, during this period you also experienced life in the upper class.
Adding these houses as compensation should be enough.
Dream, you will be happy if you try it.
There really is a divorce. You and I are people from two different worlds.
All my shots are played by a genius like Dragon Lord,
Rather than a pre-cut issue just rely on my people.
Dad is a dragon master like this; be careful,
Don't say this again in the future, mom loves you.
In this case, come to me,
divorce. Although these words are difficult to say,
Only then can you let go of this feeling that doesn’t exist
It's An. After all, you have to rely on yourself.
Meeting must be done in advance
I think he will become very purple in the future.
It’s just a basic insight
How can we not be in touch with you?
put a place
But the farmer will control you, it’s important